Portia the premium car maker from
Stuttgart has cancelled his production
contract with the Austrian Canadian
supplier of parts magna according to
reports Magna will receive compensation
for the development service already
rendered Portia's releasing no
statements asked the amount in the
future it can be assumed since it took
over the convertible specialist Carmen
that Volkswagen will also be building
the Boxster in lower saxony which Magna
has been developing up till now in Graz
Austria the final death blow to the
Swedish carmaker Saab has not yet been
dealt a spokesperson from General Motors
set on december twenty first we have
received a number of offers that we are
looking into how long this could take is
still uncertain on December eighteenth
GM announced it would close the Saab
business after negotiations failed with
the last interested party the Dutch
sports car maker spyker cars a couple of
days later spyker cars surprised
everyone with a new takeover offer GM
has also received other offers
the mercedes-benz e-class family has a
new member even before the 2010
convertible season rolls around the
company from Stuttgart launches the
open-top version of the e-class
alongside the sedan the station wagon
and the co-pay the convertible is now
the fourth model in the series to power
the convertible you have a choice of
seven engines three diesel and for
gasoline various with an output ranging
from 172 388 horsepower first deliveries
of the convertible will be late March